I'm casting our King Brian sonny jozz
are you guys get buff more guys this
adds dude our ship one you know stop
that one working on the priest he's on
pace priests it's not healing right all
right good good part he'd be done very
good I'm a mage I sheep I turn people
into sheeps it's very very fun today
I mean they say there's like what 890
bout there yep yeah 10 million dorks
sorry just think you know my friends got
me into this started playing a September
of last year yeah just seeing all the
stories I had his own really fun to
listen to so I decided to get it to such
as ganking luby's ganking means killing
people who are much lower than you so
they don't even stand a chance it's ours
and fuck Alex o'clock John has issues
the other day I ran in there just asked
him for some sugar now just some sugar
for my team and he was like nose knows
oh I speech ice make ice wheeling I'm
not completely sure I believe he wields
a bastard sword of annulling shadows and
whether this is a fact or not I cannot
buy a father but John yes he's very
worried well into his maid it's for the
win and he's got problems he needs to
stop it's gonna be bad man it's gonna be
bad he's talking about horrid there's
two factions alliance and horde and
other lives so just go kill the Horde I
go to their ins kill everyone in there
people walk in expecting to like an
innkeepers over then see everybody lying
on the floor dead it was one shot of
flood fuck his girlfriend and how it
affected me I would go to his room
sometimes and try to do certain things
and he wouldn't want to because he's
playing Wow Eddie's in the middle of it
just uh huh just pisses me off I hate
wen Tao I'll just kind of stopped caring
a bit and I just stopped playing as
quite as much as I used to yeah so I
used to play a lot of World of Warcraft
and then one day I did this thing called
/ played tells you exactly how many days
you've been playing I played for like
30-something days got sick really sick
for like three days stop playing no I
play this game non-stop don't leave the
room ever what up the kid John down the
hall he's got a serious addiction right
now level 70 just did / plated 53 days
that means if he SAT there for fifty
three days straight without moving he'd
be at the same exact spot John on the
other hand he thinks that what he does
is alright just society to you yes with
that here's the power to conjure up
bread and I can make water out of thin
air or bread up in the accessibility
croissants ten croissants through a
fireball or an apple or something but
hey I've seen so many people so far
freshman year get lost this game it's
sad it's sad to see like you know we're
going to play football and then they're
like like know where we're going to
we're going to get to level ten today or
something we got to go to braid
something kill a funeral or something
some of that for a week I stop playing
like two weeks ago I completely stopped
like why do you remember the one telling
his card expired and he we saw him all
the time he was always in our rooms and
then all of a sudden one day just
disappears when said his friend aside go
taking them all by now oh sure that was
my dears no you don't taste you like if
I started playing wow he'll be happier
with me no more job are we done here oh
I'm busy boy am I John because he
doesn't wanna go to dinner with us and
we're all fucking hungry and it's
playing Wow as usual so let's see
the fuckers go they always playing bow
oh can we eat raw hungry we are all
fucking hungry we're leaving right now
yeah you know we all be leaving we're
leaving right now to go eat Oh hungry
okay wait us play all the time again
another's gonna dis this now you always
do de true the guy face no no okay
Judy's know the people sitting on their
computers right now actually okay know
the people in fighting or whatever hold
an online game go hungry and we'll go
human see alive I'm playing with people
someone who's playing by myself people
sitting at the computer now people i
know some some people I know y'all like
some folks in some horrible place you
know not just going to ditch them plus
I'm not hungry girl friends come and go
but Epix our soul bound
you